docs: AsciiDoc docs for publishing (#44)
elastic/ecs-logging-nodejs: README.md

This set of libraries allows you to transform your application logs to structured logs that comply with the [Elastic Common Schema (ECS)](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecs/current/ecs-reference.html).

> In combination with [filebeat](https://www.elastic.co/products/beats/filebeat) you can send your logs directly to Elasticsearch and leverage [Kibana's Logs UI](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/infrastructure/guide/current/logs-ui-overview.html) to inspect all logs in one single place.

Reviewer: "Logs app" is the offical term

```suggestion
In combination with [filebeat](https://www.elastic.co/products/beats/filebeat) you can send your logs directly to Elasticsearch and leverage [Kibana's Logs app](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/observability/current/monitor-logs.html) to inspect all logs in one single place.
```
